[Frontend] Jax dynamic API support in quantum control-flow primitives (#370)
PennyLaneAI/catalyst: doc/changelog.md

<h3>New features</h3>

> * Catalyst control-flow primitives are now compatible with Jax dynamic API. For-loops, while-loops

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Catalyst control-flow primitives are now compatible with dynamic arrays. For-loops, while-loops
```

  and conditionals can now accept and return tensors with dynamic dimensions.
  [(#370)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/catalyst/pull/370)

  ``` python
  @qjit
  def circuit(sz):
      a = jnp.ones([sz], dtype=float)

      @for_loop(0, 10, 2)
      def loop(_, a):
          return a

      return loop(a)
  ```

  ``` pycon
  >>> circuit(3)
  array([1., 1., 1.])
  ```

> * A mitigation dialect (MLIR) was added. It initially contains a Zero Noise Extrapolation (ZNE) operation,

Reviewer: To be removed, it is from another PR

Author: Fixed, thanks!
